Changes in version 1.2-1

Bruvo2.distance function has been added.  This calculates an alternate version
of the distance measure of Bruvo et al. (2004), under the models of genome
loss and/or addition.

genotypeDiversity function: Default value of d has been changed to being
calculated with Lynch.distance, since the default threshold value is 0 and
Lynch.distance is faster.

Bruvo.distance function: If both genotypes are equal to the missing data value,
the distance returned is now NA instead of 0.

read.GenoDive: Now correctly finds the "Individual" column, and uses it to
extract sample names, whether or not a "Clones" column is included.

read.GeneMapper: Sample and locus names may now consist of any combination of
letters and numbers.  (There had been a bug that caused an error if samples or
loci were named with non-consecutive numbers.)

Locus names are now allowed to be shorter versions of other locus names,
e.g. "ABC1" and "ABC12".  Fixed: 'Genotypes' method of "genbinary" class
(this affects 'simpleFreq' and 'genbinary.to.genambig'), 'deleteLoci' method
of "genbinary" class, 'Loci<-' method of "genbinary" class, 'deSilvaFreq',
'calcFst', 'write.freq.SPAGeDi', and 'freq.to.genpop'.

Changes in version 1.2-0

The internal functions .G, .indexg, .genlist, .ranmul, and .selfmat have been
added.  Previously, these existed only within the environment of the
deSilvaFreq function.  They have been moved to the polysat package environment
in order to be used for the calculation of genotype probabilities in
additional functions (i.e. meandistance.matrix2).

Functions genotypeProbs and meandistance.matrix2 have been added.  This allows
ambiguous genotypes to be dealt with in a more sophisticated way, calculating
the probabiliity of each possible unambiguous genotype based on allele
frequencies and selfing rate.

Functions assignClones, genotypeDiversity, Shannon, and Simpson have been added.
These use distance matrices to assign individuals to clonal groups, and
calculate diversity indices based on genotype frequencies.

Bruvo.distance function: Before any calculation is done, the function checks
to see if usatnt is NA.  If so, an error message is given telling the user
to fill in the Usatnts slot.  The error that the function would previously
give in this case was not particularly informative.

deSilvaFreq function: Now checks to see if the 'self' argument is missing
before performing any calculations.  This means that a more informative
error message is given if the selfing rate is not provided.  Also, the line
smatt <- smat/smatdiv has been moved out of the while loop and is now
performed immediately after the calculation of smat, to reduce computation time.

Bug fix in write.GeneMapper.  It can now write files correctly when there are
more alleles than the ploidy of the individual.

Changes in version 1.1-0

read.POPDIST, write.POPDIST, and freq.to.genpop functions added.

read.Tetrasat function changed so that the comment line can't be accidentally
read as a "Pop" line if it contains the letters "pop".  The documentation for
this function now also instructs the user not to have any locus name contain
the letters "pop" adjacent to each other.

write.Tetrasat function changed so that if the 'samples' argument excludes
some populations, there won't be a "Pop" line for these populations.

Changes in version 1.0-1

Bug fixed in the 'editGenotypes' method for "genambig" objects.
stringsAsFactors=FALSE was added for the data frame that is sent to the
'edit' function, so that samples and loci are indexed correctly when genotypes
are written back to the object that is returned.  Version 1.0 would rearrange
the genotypes if the samples or loci were not in alphabetical order.

Changes in version 1.0

The S4 classes "gendata", "genambig", and "genbinary" and their accompanying
methods have been added.  This allows genotypes, population identities,
population names, ploidies, microsatellite repeat lengths, and a description
to all be stored in one object, while in version 0.1 they had to be stored in
separate objects.  Because of this, many of the functions require fewer
arguments, and user error should be reduced.

The functions 'viewGenotypes' and 'editGenotypes' have been added so that
genotypes can be more neatly printed to the console, and can be edited with
the Data Editor as an alternative to command-line genotype editing.

The 'isMissing' function is added to simplify the identification of missing
genotypes.

The function 'estimatePloidy' now directly opens the Data Editor and then
returns the ploidies to the appropriate slot in the "gendata" object.
Previously, the function produced an array from which ploidies had to be
manually extracted.

The function 'distance.matrix.1locus' no longer exists since it has been
consolidated into the 'meandistance.matrix' function.  'Lynch.distance' has a
'usatnt' argument added to it for the sake of simplifying the code for
'meandistance.matrix'; this argument is ignored by 'Lynch.distance'.

The new function 'deSilvaFreq' performs an iterative computation to estimate
allele freqencies in populations with uniform, even-numbered ploidy and a
known selfing rate.  The old function 'estimate.freq' is renamed 'simpleFreq'.

A function 'write.freq.SPAGeDi' is added to export allele frequencies to
SPAGeDi.